feat(Courses): Add Full HTML And Tailwind CSS Course (Hindi) with proper url (changes made) (#11397)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

* [CSS Tutorial in Hindi \| Complete CSS Course For Beginners to Advanced \| Step By Step Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyxzAU3p8CE) - Vishwajeet Kumar (Tech Gun)
* [Free Web Development Course For School Students (Grade 5 - 10) \| Certified Course By Coding Blocks Junior \| Learn HTML, CSS, Javascript](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhLbJ9UoJCvsCXqP9yAOZpzXHhWkLBXdw) - Coding Blocks Junior
* [Front End Development Tutorial \| Complete HTML and CSS Tutorial for Beginners (9 Hours)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eu7G0jV0ImY) - WsCube Tech

> * [Full HTML Course for Beginners in Hindi](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfEr2kn3s-bpuh9XfcDlXP6weTISBWzvQ&si=MtAy-OsuM9YT1Ef-) - Anurag Singh ProCodrr

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Full HTML Course for Beginners in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfEr2kn3s-bpuh9XfcDlXP6weTISBWzvQ) - Anurag Singh ProCodrr
```
